this is my car a versatile product and
new for auto shine in vehicle
crystallize the waterproof paint
time
As you can see the bodywork is dirty from
dust cause of rain
You see, it's hot because I was in one
we can here to spare to be able to cool
a little
now we'll see the application of
product as it works with a flannel
dry a soft cloth
you will remove it in some bodywork not
it is greasy and you will give it self glare
employ until disappearing
that simple
and does not leave the painting to scratch because he
has a protector
I said look now will play the water
all day in permeability dussek a
alone to not stain paint will
remove f one step two past the
product is surrounding the water so do not
white spots or chlorine spots on the
paint does not stick mosquito does not dust
aggressive fast dry does not have carnauba
to be able to stifle the painting